The company now owned by Amazon known as Ring was a pioneer in the smart doorbell industry. In 2014 Ring Doorbell made its first sale and even appeared on Shark Tank. The start-up began in Santa Monica, California. Ring doorbell has become massive and has grown substantially over the past decade. It still holds a great amount of relevance today all across the country and the world. 

The goal of the ring doorbell was to alert homeowners of what was happening outside their door. For example, if one were to get a package, they would be able to see it get delivered to their doorstep or any other possible surveillance they wanted from a simple installation of their doorbell. Of course, it still served as a doorbell and even let users talk and speak through the doorbell. The creator thought of an incredible product and made massive sales. More interestingly, until 2024 law enforcement authorities could access ring doorbell footage from any house on request from the ring. This means they needed no permission from the user to access and use their information. 

The object reflects a time when technology enhanced all forms of surveillance. Commercializing spy cameras for residential purposes marks a new era of society. Constantly knowing what is happening and how others are acting provides the insight we did not use to have. The artifact reflects how people yearn for more surveillance of others, but not of themselves. It shows the rise of biopower in Foucaldian terms and shows that the government has so many forms of surveillance on us, whether we know. It shows authority and governance as well as symbolism, as everyone is aware that ring cameras are always recording and that one should monitor oneself even when no one is around because one is being watched. 

The limitation of this artifact is partially due to its recent occurrence in the world. While it does reflect technology and commercialized surveillance, many people can simply choose not to have a ring doorbell in their houses and environments, which is completely their choice. While the massive popularity of smart doorbells is reflective of society, it does not speak for much of the world, where widespread infrastructure and technology have not yet been. 
